I know a prosecutor.
When he was just and moving things came out
He's been looking into it.
If you have enough evidence
Will be able to dismantle this bullfight
It's not that simple.
Dongying's power is misunderstood
The power of opening a prosecutor may be difficult to match
Yeah, that's why I need your help.
What was I supposed to do?
I want to be fully motivated
You need to know the names of all the executives
These executives infiltrated financial documents and even the military
Only by dismantling the original of these high-rise buildings
To completely uproot this cancer
high-rise
Who would have such a fate in Dongying?
I guess I can only sit in the position of k Dacheng
To be able to access all the senior management
Once it is likely in his hands
Isn't Lord Wei Mulin?
I haven't seen him since Mullin
If it's hard, no.
Uncle Wang, I will definitely find a way to get it.
Don't worry.
OK
I am waiting for your message.
You can come to me all over the country at any time.
Uncle Wang, then I will leave first
Thank you for giving me hope to live
You have to be extra careful
Don't be too hasty.
Oh, right.
I'll tell you what.
All taken away
Oh, I see.